I think it's it's time management, that is, that's a really big part.
And that's one that I just I feel like I continuously struggle with.
Or at least maybe struggle isn't the right word, um, that I have to
keep returning to, and I have to keep figuring it out on baby. It's
because it changes. And so the time management strategy that worked
for this particular time is not working for this other particular time.
It may be something like that, Um, but I feel like that is always
an issue. Is managing my time effectively, Um, making sure that I'm
using my time as profitably as I can so that I'm getting everything
that I need to get done done in a timely manner. Um, and and here's
the key is just and not have it turned me into a total stress case.
Um, so usually I could get what I need to get done done when I need
to get it done. But I'm not a fun and pleasant person to be around
during the process, so that's kind of the part that I'm working on
with the time management is being able to get it done and still be
a relatively decent human being. At the same time,